Okay, friends, we need to have a little
conversation about this. It's it's
what's been called the coolest graph in
Spark Toro. Uh I I kind of agree with
that. I think this graph is amazing, but
there's a lot of misinterpretation about
what we're talking about when we show
this data. So, let let me just walk you
through it real quickly. Basically,
what's happened here is I've searched
for people whose profile contains
fashion designer. And Spark Turo has
data on 35,000 accounts in the United
States whose profile, right, their their
LinkedIn profile contains the word
fashion designer. And you can see a
whole bunch of other information about
them. But these two graphs both use the
same methodology, which is in order.
We're showing you the most popular
social network or down here, the most
popular search and AI tool. I want you
to notice something though. See how
Google.com is number one? It is the most
used search or AI tool by people who
have fashion designer in their bio, but
it is slightly less used on average than
Google is by American web users overall.
That's what this USA average means. So
minus 1.1% means Google is slightly less
used than average meaning people visit
Google's website who have the word
fashion designer in their bio slightly
less less than average. We know this
because we have clickstream data that we
can marry up with uh social profile data
uh and also Google data. And so it's not
saying don't focus on Google. It's not
even saying definitely focus on
Wikipedia. is saying that these people
on average compared to the average
American web user browse Wikipedia,
visit Wikipedia 5.7% more than average.
Same with chat GBT use. It's not saying
definitely you need to go put your whole
strategy into chat GBT. Look, ChatGBT is
only the seventh most used search and AI
tool. Pinterest is searched for more and
used more by fashion designers, which
should be no surprise. Pinterest is huge
with fashion communities of all kinds.
Amazon slightly less, Reddit slightly
more. That you're getting the sense
here, right? That these are 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10. But chat GBT is the most used
more than average one in here. And same
with the social networks, right? So
social networks what it's saying is
Instagram and Pinterest and Medium are
more used than average by these numbers
but in order of most to least used it
goes YouTube, Instagram, Facebook,
Reddit. Now Instagram is so much more
used that it jumps from its average
position of number I think three or four
to number two which is quite impressive.
You can compare this against other
audiences and I encourage you to do
this. run a bunch of searches with your
website versus your competitions, uh,
different profiles that you're
targeting, people who search for
different keywords that are in your
audience set. Look at this one. So, this
is people who have fabric artists in
their bio. Pinterest is absolutely huge,
just completely dominant. LinkedIn is
way down the list. If I search for
people like myself, entrepreneurs or
digital marketers, LinkedIn's like
number two, number three, but for this
group, it's number seven behind Tik Tok,
behind Reddit, behind Pinterest.
Pinterest is is obviously one of the
most used search and AI tools. And look,
you know, it goes one, two, three,
Amazon, uh, Google, Amazon, Pinterest
versus designers, fashion designers,
where it goes YouTube, Instagram,
Facebook for social networks, and
Google, Wikipedia, Reddit. So, this is
the the value of Spark Tour. We're not
just showing you like this is the most
used, this is the second most used.
We're also telling you how much more
used than average it is. And that's what
the the graph in blue is showing you
above or below the USA average line. And
if you if you search for Canada, it'll
show you Canadian data. If you search
for the UK, that that'll become the UK
average, right? And then here's the
order of most to least popular. So
hopefully for those of you who are
having questions about what is this
super cool graph telling me and how can
I use the data? It's in order from most
to least and then how much more or less
than average the platform or network is
used. Hope that helps clear it